{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Corey Zev Holland\

\b0\fs24 Front-end Developer & Designer\
\
More info: http://zevdesigns.com/info\
Contact: coreyzev@zevdesigns.com\
PDF resume: http://zedvesigns.com/content/Corey_Zev_Holland-resume.pdf\
\

\b About
\b0 \
\
I am a front-end developer with a focus on elegant design and good user experiences. Elegant and DRY code is now my focus.\
I consider myself a team player and a problem solver. I am always keen to collaborate with coworkers to produce creative, elegant solutions to difficult problems.\
\

\b Education
\b0 \
\

\b Northeastern University\

\b0 Bachelor of Fine Arts\
Graphic Design\
December 2011\
\

\b Skills\

\b0 \
Top 8: \
 \'95 HTML\
 \'95 CSS\
 \'95 Javascript\
 \'95 Backbone\
 \'95 MVC / MV*\
 \'95 Adobe Creative Suite\
 \'95 UI Design\
 \'95 Branding\
\
Sass, Less, Stylus, Python, Django, Flask, REST, git, PHP, Wordpress, ExpressionEngine, jQuery, LAMP, Markdown, Sublime Text, Autodesk Maya, SLR Cameras, Omnigraffle, Avid, Final Cut\
\

\b Experience\

\b0 \

\b Scholastic Inc.\

\b0 Front-end Developer\
Watertown, MA\
July 2012 \'96 Present\
\
With a focus on front end development, information visualization design, and document design, I assisted the Hosting & Operations and Enterprise Services departments. Working with engineers and management to put together visuals which would serve as a portal of information for external departments.\
\

\b ZevDesigns
\b0 \
Boston, MA \
Present\
\
In the freelance branch of my work I work with small businesses, start-ups, and individuals, who are looking for web design & administration, print work, branding or photography.\
\

\b Boston Young Creatives\

\b0 Lead & Organizer \
Boston, MA \
June 2012 \'96 Present\
\
A meetup.com group with over 700 members, 30+ attending each social meet up. The group\'92s mission is to encourage a communicative environment where creatives from every field know what to expect when working with each other professionally.\
\

\b nSphere Inc.\

\b0 Front-end Engineer \
Boston, MA \
July 2011 \'96 March 2012\
\
My primary position in this role was developing the UX for a new white-label local search feature. My responsibilities also included updating and building HTML products, branding, and building a new MVC based corporate website.\
\

\b PullnotPush.com\

\b0 Design and Development \
Boston, MA \
July 2010 \'96 Sept. 2010\
\
Working in a web startup in a mostly digital environment. The focus was on inbound digital marketing, email, and web pages. Hubspot Certified company.\
\

\b Nuance Communications, Inc., Dragon NaturallySpeaking\

\b0 Graphic Designer \
Burlington, MA \
Feb. 2010 \'96 June 2010\
\
A co-op position in the marketing department working with digital, physical, and multimedia marketing. My work was based around email marketing, data sheets, and video projects.\
\

\b Digital Media Design Studio, NU Libraries
\b0 \
Software Specialist, Designer \
Boston, MA \
July 2008 \'96 Feb. 2009\
\
Performed as a central member of a multimedia lab, teaching the Adobe, Final Cut, and iLife, suites. Key responsibilities also included web maintenance, print creation, and multi-department collaboration.}